we're going to take a look at this
little kuzey case for the macbook air
this is a 13 inch version they have for
the 11 inch they've got MacBook Pro so
we just got it in the mail and take a
little unpackaging unboxing here and see
here it comes this is a wife one in
purple so we got a purple version and go
ahead and open this thing up you can see
here it looks like it's got another
protective case it's got a little
cushion keep it protected and transport
so let me go ahead and let's try to
install the bottom again this is a
13-inch MacBook Air so we want to
protect it and we're gonna take this
thing I should just end the place one
two three and four snaps to hold the
bottom on place and you can see here it
gives it nice it's got nice fence
it's got there nice and rubber pads here
on the bottom so it looks like it's on
there pretty good and then go ahead and
stick on the top okay I got the plastic
off the top piece and we're just gonna
try to slide it down here snap it on
okay so we've got these top snaps on and
the back snaps so there you go that's
pretty much looks like it's all snapped
together so let me take a little bit
closer look
all right so take a little bit closer
look here you can see that the snaps
just kind of go all the way around just
kind of snaps and molds right on to
place and again this is the MacBook Air
this is a 2014 version and this one
keeps the has a little hole for the
microphone inputs and everything is
still accessible so it doesn't really
have a lot of weight it looks like it's
nice and firm and another thing I know
people like to see is what is it how
does the Apple logo light up which you
can see right through it so you get a
nice see-through so there you go there's
the koozie case for your MacBook Air
your MacBook Pros and I'll put some
links below of where you can order your
own and protect that investment
you